1.  Verify that the login screen contains elements such as Username, Password, Login button.
2.  Verify that User is able to Login with Valid Credentials
3.  Verify that User is not able to Login with invalid Username and invalid Password
4.  Verify that Enter/Tab key works as a substitute for the Sign in button
5.  Verify that all the fields such as Username, Password has a valid placeholder
6.  Verify that tab functionality is working properly or not
7.  Verify that User is able to Login using all of the 4 provided Usernames.
8.  Verify that cursor is focused on “Username” text box on the page load (login page)
9.  Verify that User is not able to Login with Valid Username and invalid Password
10. Verify that User is not able to Login with invalid Username and Valid Password
11. Verify that User is not able to Login with blank Username or Password
12. Verify that User is not able to Login with inactive credentials
13. Verify that clicking on browser back button after successful login should not take User to log out mode
14. Verify that clicking on browser back button after successful logout should not take User to logged in mode
15. Verify that there is a limit on the total number of unsuccessful login attempts (No. of invalid attempts should be based on business logic. Based on the business logic, User will be asked to enter captcha and try again or user will be blocked)
16. Verify that the password is in encrypted form when entered
17. Verify the password can be copy-pasted
18. Verify that encrypted characters in “Password” field should not allow deciphering if copied
19. Verify that User should be able to login with the new password after changing the password
20. Verify that User should not be able to login with the old password after changing the password
21. Verify that spaces should not be allowed before any password characters attempted
22. Verify that whether User is still logged in after series of actions such as sign in, close browser and reopen the application.
23. Verify that the ways to retrieve the password if the User forgets the password	
24. Verify that there is a timeout of the login session (Session Timeout)
25. Verify that the logout link is redirected to login/home page
26. Verify that User is redirected to appropriate page after successful login
27. Verify that a validation message is displayed in case when User leaves Username or Password as blank	
28. Verify that a validation message is displayed in case of exceeding the character limit of the Username and Password fields
29. Verify that a validation message is displayed in case of entering special character in the Username and password fields
30. Verify whether the login form is revealing any security information by viewing page source
31. Verify that the login page is vulnerable to SQL injection